>> Ben Hong: Have any of you
here heard of shallow ref?
In case you haven't, shallow ref sounds
actually a bit like what you think,
which is that.
Take this.
We're gonna take this.
Where am I?
Backend database JSON.
Okay, imagine for a moment here, and
let's go to our sandbox here,
that we had my data and it was a ref.
There was this giant object, right?
This is a lot of data.
And the thing is that
when you make it a ref,
it actually basically watches
everything at a deep level, so
assigns reactivity pretty basically
watches everything at a deep level, which
at first glance you're probably like,
that sounds good, that's what I want.
And so for, I don't know,
most people won't know this performance.
Like, for some, actually, this is not
even really that big, so probably,
probably wouldn't matter.
But you can imagine if you're
downloading stuff from your database,
you're doing some sort of test,
it could be tens of thousands of records.
And the thing is,
you don't always need deep reactivity.
Sometimes you just need to know whether
the object, like the giant object,
has changed instead of the words.
Hence why it's called that.
So shallow ref is a helper method,
just like REF from vue, and
the difference being that when you're
dealing with large sets of data, or
more importantly, you're not going to
be manipulating, like, deep reactivity.
And so this particularly comes into play
with tests that I've seen most commonly,
they actually recommend just default
to shallow ref, because then it's just
basically VUE is only looking at the top,
they're not worrying about the rest of it.
So, again, this is more of a technique for
in the event you think that performance
might be an issue or you know for a fact
that you don't need deeper activity.
There are some who would even venture to
go as far to say that shallow ref should
be your default.
Some would claim that.
I don't think it needs to be that extreme.
I would say I have seen most unit tests or
like end to end tests,
they do tend to be shallow REF,
because it's usually just like,
render this object,
then skip to the next thing.
Or if there's one piece that
really needs to be reactive,
they'll make that piece reactive.
So I have seen people try to optimize
performance in that regard, but
just know that this exists for
you in the event that you've ever like,
ref definitely seems like overkill for
this thing.
Well, we got you covered, shallow REF.
So we are going to
formally give this a name.
We talked about this earlier and
I mentioned that we had
basically touched on this.
And so it's this reminder, so I guess how
many people have heard the term singleton?
Okay, great.
Yeah, because here's the thing.
It's not a view thing,
it's a JavaScript thing.
It's a programming thing.
And so, you know, for those who are maybe
haven't heard of it or new to it before,
essentially it's as the things that it's
a single instance that is then shared with
a bunch of things.
And so this is why we saw earlier in
our code when we were using things like
UseWeek, this is an example of a singleton
right here, because this constant is
then basically cached, and then whenever
it's brought into another component,
that same instance of weeks
is then being referenced.
And that's the reason why
we get that shared state.